Introduction
OpenCV Tutorials
OpenCV-Python Tutorials
OpenCV.js Tutorials
Tutorials for contrib modules
Frequently Asked Questions
Bibliography
Main modules:
core. Core functionality
imgproc. Image Processing
imgcodecs. Image file reading and writing
videoio. Video I/O
highgui. High-level GUI
video. Video Analysis
calib3d. Camera Calibration and 3D Reconstruction
features2d. 2D Features Framework
objdetect. Object Detection
dnn. Deep Neural Network module
ml. Machine Learning
flann. Clustering and Search in Multi-Dimensional Spaces
photo. Computational Photography
stitching. Images stitching
gapi. Graph API
Extra modules:
alphamat. Alpha Matting
aruco. ArUco Marker Detection
barcode. Barcode detecting and decoding methods
bgsegm. Improved Background-Foreground Segmentation Methods
bioinspired. Biologically inspired vision models and derivated tools
ccalib. Custom Calibration Pattern for 3D reconstruction
cudaarithm. Operations on Matrices
cudabgsegm. Background Segmentation
cudacodec. Video Encoding/Decoding
cudafeatures2d. Feature Detection and Description
cudafilters. Image Filtering
cudaimgproc. Image Processing
cudalegacy. Legacy support
cudaobjdetect. Object Detection
cudaoptflow. Optical Flow
cudastereo. Stereo Correspondence
cudawarping. Image Warping
cudev. Device layer
cvv. GUI for Interactive Visual Debugging of Computer Vision Programs
datasets. Framework for working with different datasets
dnn_objdetect. DNN used for object detection
dnn_superres. DNN used for super resolution
dpm. Deformable Part-based Models
face. Face Analysis
freetype. Drawing UTF-8 strings with freetype/harfbuzz
fuzzy. Image processing based on fuzzy mathematics
hdf. Hierarchical Data Format I/O routines
hfs. Hierarchical Feature Selection for Efficient Image Segmentation
img_hash. The module brings implementations of different image hashing algorithms.
intensity_transform. The module brings implementations of intensity transformation algorithms to adjust image contrast.
julia. Julia bindings for OpenCV
line_descriptor. Binary descriptors for lines extracted from an image
mcc. Macbeth Chart module
optflow. Optical Flow Algorithms
ovis. OGRE 3D Visualiser
phase_unwrapping. Phase Unwrapping API
plot. Plot function for Mat data
quality. Image Quality Analysis (IQA) API
rapid. silhouette based 3D object tracking
reg. Image Registration
rgbd. RGB-Depth Processing
saliency. Saliency API
sfm. Structure From Motion
shape. Shape Distance and Matching
stereo. Stereo Correspondance Algorithms
structured_light. Structured Light API
superres. Super Resolution
surface_matching. Surface Matching
text. Scene Text Detection and Recognition
tracking. Tracking API
videostab. Video Stabilization
viz. 3D Visualizer
wechat_qrcode. WeChat QR code detector for detecting and parsing QR code.
xfeatures2d. Extra 2D Features Framework
ximgproc. Extended Image Processing
xobjdetect. Extended object detection
xphoto. Additional photo processing algorithms
